refactor: README revamp (#1282)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: README.md

Kurtosis is formed of:

- A language for declaring distributed application in Python syntax ([Starlark](https://github.com/google/starlark-go/blob/master/doc/spec.md))
- A packaging system for sharing and reusing distributed application components
- A runtime that makes a Kurtosis app Just Work, independent of whether it's running on Docker or Kubernetes, local or in the cloud
- A set of tools to ease common distributed app development needs (e.g. a log aggregator to ease log-diving, automatic port-forwarding to ease connectivity, a `kurtosis service shell` command to ease container filesystem exploration, etc.)

Why should I use Kurtosis?
==========================
Kurtosis shines when creating, working with, and destroying self-contained distributed application environments. Currently, our users report this to be most useful when:

- You're developing on your application and you need to rapidly iterate on it

> - You want to try someone's containerized service or distributed application on your local machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to try someone's containerized service or distributed application quickly and without the overhead of learning how to set up the environment, dependencies, and what arguments to use.
```
Re-wording based on what I believe is the reason why our users pick Kurtosis to spin up their systems over a myriad of other tools. Also, I don't believe the "local machine" part of this is relevant - we've already told folks it works remotely or locally, over Docker or k8s. Let's keep the backend part vague because it truly is independent of Kurtosis.

Author: resolved over Slack

- You want to spin up your distributed application in ephemeral environments as part of your integration tests
- You want to ad-hoc test your application on a big cloud cluster
- You're the author of a containerized service or distributed application and you want to give your users a one-liner to try it

> - You want to get an instance of your application running in the cloud without being a Kubernetes expert

Reviewer 2: Suggested rewrite of the last one:

- You want to get an instance of your application running in the cloud without dealing with provisioning hardware or administering Kubernetes

If you're in web3, we have even more specific web3 usecases [here](https://web3.kurtosis.com).

How do I get going?
===================
To see Kurtosis in action, first install it using the instructions [here](https://docs.kurtosis.com/install).

Then, run the [Redis voting app Kurtosis package](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/awesome-kurtosis/tree/main/redis-voting-app):

```bash
kurtosis run github.com/kurtosis-tech/awesome-kurtosis/redis-voting-app
```

<img src="./readme-static-files/redis-voting-app-run-output.png">

Finally, open the `http` link printed in the last line in your browser.

If you have an issue or feature request, we'd love to hear about it through one of the following:

- [Asking for help on our Discord server][discord]
- Filing an issue on our [Github](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/issues/new/choose) (which can also be done via `kurtosis feedback --bug` or `kurtosis feedback --feature`)
- [Messaging us on Twitter][twitter]

### Going further

To try more Kurtosis packages just like this one, check out the [`awesome-kurtosis` repo][awesome-kurtosis] or one of these packages:

> - [Ethereum](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/eth2-package): A fully functional private Ethereum network in Kurtosis, with parameters for MEV and any client combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ethereum](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/eth2-package): A fully functional private Ethereum network in Kurtosis that comes with support for: simulating the MEV supply-chain using Flashbot's `mev-boost`, any EL and CL client combination, and a collection of network monitoring tools (e.g. Grafana, Prometheus, etc)
```

Author: resolved over Slack

- [DIVE](https://github.com/HugoByte/DIVE): A CLI + Kurtosis package by [Hugobyte](https://hugobyte.com) for the ICON ecosystem that can spin up EVM, Cosmos, or JVM networks with a bridge between them.
- [NEAR](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/near-package): A private NEAR network in Kurtosis.

To learn about how to write Kurtosis packages, check out our [quickstart][quickstart-reference].

To read about how Kurtosis works, see [our documentation][docs].

To see where we're going with the product, check out the roadmap [here](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/wiki/Short%E2%80%90term-Roadmap).

Why Kurtosis over Compose, Helm, Terraform, etc.?
=================================================
These tools have been around for over a decade, yet most developers still struggle to build distributed applications. Why? In a sentence: building distributed applications is hard, and these tools don't make it easy enough for the average developer.

Some of our observations:

> - No tool works across the whole software lifecycle: Compose is good at quick local environments and bad at Prod environments, while Helm and Terraform are the opposite. This often means a dedicated DevOps team handles Prod deployment, leading to the same "throw it across the wall" problems the DevOps movement was founded around.

Reviewer 2: I would reframe this; "Compose is best at quick local environments and is not designed for Prod environments...."

- Compose, Helm, and Terraform all struggle to do sequential "first this, then this" logic necessary for many prototyping workflows.

> - All three are difficult to make DRY through sharing and reuse.

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't understand the use of the word `dry` here. Is this in reference to `dry runs`? What does `dry run` have to do with sharing and reuse?

Author: resolved in Slack - it's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself

> - Compose, Helm, and Terraform all struggle to do sequential "first this, then this" logic necessary for many prototyping workflows.

Reviewer 2: I would reframe this as well, just switching out struggle with "aren't designed to"
